My notes for the site visit on the 14th.

**Notes:** 
POc: Zuleyma Baeza

***Firewall***
- They are not using our firewall but a 3rd party's firewall. It is using the same IP as ours would be 192.168.192.1 but a brand we do not use called *Netgate pfsense+*

-CC Reader Issue: 4-8 Lock up at some point

**Plan of Attack:**
-Look into CC reader freezing at random times.
	--CC Reader Issue: 4-8 Lock up at some point
-Look into stations monitor going black
	-They told me that it only happens in the morning. Advised to keep track of it and notice the times so support can investigate it 
-Confirm inventory and location of equipment(see below)
```markdown
### Chicken Express Duncan
**Account #: 157628**

| Station                          | Location/Description | Station S/N       | CC Reader S/N |
|----------------------------------|----------------------|-------------------|---------------|
| Station 1(Office)                | Office Station       | E024-22600122     | N/A           |
| Station 2(Customer Display)      | Front Counter        | E033-22B00462     | 806-786-187   |
| Station 3(Customer Display)      | Front Counter        | E081-24500340     | 806-786-514   |
| Station 4                        | Drive-thru           | E047-23600037     | 806-786-522   |
| Station 5                        | Drive-thru           | E074-24300253     | 806-786-187   |
| Station 6 (KDS)                  | OrderDisplay         | N/A               | N/A           |
| Station 7 (KDS)                  | ItemDisplay          | N/A               | N/A           |
| Station 8 (KDS)                  | OrderDisplay         | N/A               | N/A           |

Station1:
	-DsiEMVUS: 1.75
Station2
	-DsiEMVUS: 1.80
Station3
	-DsiEMVUS: 1.80
Station4
	-DsiEMVUS: 1.80
	-Added a Quick Credit Button to to quickly take CC payments since the station is not allow to take cash.
Station5
	-DsiEMVUS: 1.80
	-Cash Drawer was connected directly to the printer causing the cash drawer to pop every time it printed.
Station6
Station7
Station8
```

	
**Unplanned Tasks:**
-Rearrange the stations to be  more manageable and structure way for the customers.

-*Station4* does not have a physical cash drawer, to assist in prevent their employees from hit the cash button. Added Cash Payment for that station to be excluded also a "Quick Credit button" 

-Removed/Added order types so all station have the same order types. 

-They commented that station5 cash drawer pops anytime something prints from that station. Noticed the cash drawer cable was connect to the printer not the station switched the cable so it is plugged into the station. 

-Defore November, the CC manager screen indicated that days were being batched, but this behavior seemed to stop randomly with the same type of sales transactions. Earlier today, whenever the CC manager was accessed, a message appears stating, "12/13, 12/12, 12/11… (until November) Days were not batched." Was able to get support to look into this issue and was able to fixe this GUI issue in the CC Manager, they also did confirm that all the CC transaction did go through and it was just a GUI issue. . 

Customer Feedback: 
Tammy is the key person that was having all the issues. She in during her day off to come me meet and to explain the issues personally to me . After she gave the overview of concerns she introduced to me the closing manager(Zuleyma Baeza). At the end of my site Zuleyma told me that all the pending issues look to be be fixed and was Happy and appreciated I was able to travel all the way in such short noticed to there to address these issues. I also reached them the next day and Tammy that the number of issues went down alot and in fact they only have one issue which was a CC reader that froze up towards the end of the day it was on station 5.



