**Dashboard Page**

- Collapse button does not collapse sidebar
- User menu is largely oversize
- Sign Out Button does not have an icon or has the wrong icon. 
- Quick Action button by default the + on a different row as "Quick Action" label
- Remove "Pipeline Value" Widget. Replace it with a Principal top 5. That shows the top 5 principals with the most Opportunities in the past week.  
- Remove "Recent Interactions" Widget. Replace it with a Principal top 5. That shows the top 5 principals with the most Interactions in the past week. 
- All the quick actions icons in the buttons are not showing up. 
- Make everything Quick Actions(Labels, grid buttons, icons, etc.) a 1/4 of its current size. 
- Move everything in the Quick Actions section right below "Good evening, Development! Here's what's happening with your business today, Sunday, July 13, 2025." text


**Organizations Page**
- "New Organization" button next to card view needs to be removed. There are two "New Organization" on this page. Keep the button next to the "Import" button
- Next to the "Add Organization" button Remove the "Analytics view Button" Only have two views: List and Cards 

**Create New Organization Form**
- "Basic Info" Section 
	- add Main Phone and Main Email fields
	- Principal section remove the "Account Manager" field

- Remove "Business Details" section completely
- "Contact Section"
	- Have two buttons:
		- "Add Contact" button: takes your to Create Contact form to create a new contact
		- "Select Contact" button: Makes a dropdown appear of a list of all current contacts
		- Remove the "Role" field and the word "Hierarchy"
		- 